1. Suspicious Activities:

To track suspicious behavior, we would have to define a function consisting of two conditional statements:
The first conditional statement would check if any user logs into any of the systems more than 5 times in a single day.
The second conditional statement would check if the user logs into any of the systems even once between 12:00 am to 5:00 am.
Then, we will return the total count of suspicious activities.

2. Irresponsible behavior:

To track irresponsible behavior, we are going to have to make a list of all of the employees and make two conditional statements:
The first conditional statement would look into the amount of times that each user logs into any of the systems and the other one could 
look at how many times they log off of any of the systems. Then, an if statement could be implemented stating if the number of logins are greater than
the number of log offs, then that would be marked as an irresponsible activity!
Then, we would return the total amount of irresponsible activities per user and
whenever the number of logins are greater than the number of log offs, it has to equal 1.

3. System Glitch:
This function is basically a reverse of the if statement for irresponsible behavior. So, to track system glitch, 
we are going to have to, again, make a list of all of the employees and make two conditional statements:
The first conditional statement would look into the amount of times that each user logs into any of the systems and the other one could 
look at how many times they log off of any of the systems. Then, an if statement could be implemented stating if the number of logins are less than
the number of log offs, then that would be flagged as a system glitch!
Then, we would return the total amount of system glitches per user.

4. Domain Count:
To track domain count, we will use the same list from #2 (irresponsible behavior) and create another list with all of the unique domains
and from there we can return how many employees belong to each domain.

5. Additional Insights:

We could analyze who works the most out of all of the employees by looking at the date and time that each employee logs in and logs out 
and how often they log in to the workstation server

In total, we will have at least 5 functions and one main dictionary data structure that returns all of the necessary information in each 
function, making our code way more organized.
